Add support for Typer (#26)
ewels/rich-click: README.md

> See [`examples/02_declarative.py`](examples/02_declarative.py) for an example.

## Typer support

> [`Typer`](https://github.com/tiangolo/typer) is also supported. You may want to change the installation to use the the `typer` extra:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`Typer`](https://github.com/tiangolo/typer) is also supported.
You need to use rich-click with the `typer` [extra](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/tutorials/installing-packages/#installing-setuptools-extras) in your package requirements: `rich-click[typer]`

For example, to install locally:
```

```bash
python -m pip install rich-click[typer]
```

> And replace your usual `typer` import by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then just replace your usual `typer` import by:
```
